Add option to accept self signed certificates (#6)
th0th/rancher-redeploy-workload: README.md

#### Inputs

| Variable              | Required | Default value | Description                                                                                          |
|-----------------------|:--------:|---------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| debug                 |          | 'false'       | Debug flag (useful when something fails)                                                             |
| disable_output        |          | 'false'       | Disables outputting to stdout (useful if the logs are public, but you don't want to expose anything) |

> | tls_skip_verification |          | 'false'       | Skipping host TLS verification                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| tls_skip_verification |          | 'false'       | Skips TLS verification for the outgoing HTTP request to Rancher                                      |
```
